== Legendary ==

Dr. Doom

Always Leads: Doombot Legion
Master Strike: Each player with exactly 6 cards in hand reveals a Tech Hero or puts 2 cards from their hand on top of their deck.
Attack: 9
VP: 5

Dark Technology
Fight: You may recruit a Tech or Ranged Hero from the HQ for free.

Monarch's Decree
Fight: Choose one: each other player draws a card or each other player discards a card.

Secrets of Time Travel
Fight: Take another turn after this one.

Treasures of Latveria
Fight: When you draw a new hand of cards at the end of this turn, draw three extra cards.


Loki

Always Leads: Enemies of Asgard
Master Strike: Each player reveals a Strength Hero or gains a Wound
Attack: 10
VP: 5

Cruel Ruler
Fight: Defeat a Villain in the City for free.

Maniacal Tyrant
Fight: KO up to four cards from your discard pile.

Vanishing Illusions
Fight: Each other player KOs a Villain from their Victory Pile.

Whispers and Lies
Fight: Each other player KOs two Bystanders from their Victory Pile.


Magneto

Always Leads: Brotherhood
Master Strike: Each player reveals an X-Men Hero or discards down to four cards.
Attack: 8
VP: 5

Bitter Captor
Fight: Recruit an X-Men Hero from the HQ for free.

Crushing Shockwave
Fight: Each other player reveals an X-Men Hero or gains two Wounds.

Electromagnetic Bubble
Fight: Choose one of your X-Men Heroes. When you draw a new hand of cards at the end of this turn, add that Hero to your hand as a seventh card.

Xavier's Nemesis
Fight: For each of your X-Men Heroes, rescue a Bystander.


Red Skull

Always Leads: HYDRA
Master Strike: Each player KOs a Hero from their hand.
Attack: 7
VP: 5

Endless Resources
Fight: You get +4 Recruit.

HYDRA Conspiracy
Fight: Draw two cards. Then draw another card for each HYDRA Villain in your Victory Pile.

Negablast Grenades
Fight: You get +3 Attack.

Ruthless Dictator
Fight: Look at the top three cards of your deck. KO one, discard one and put one back on top of your deck.



== Dark City ==

Apocalypse

Always Leads: Four Horsemen
Four Horsemen Villains get +2 Attack
Apocalypse Wins: When Famine, Pestilence, War, and Death have escaped
Master Strike: Each player reveals their hand and puts all their Heroes that cost 1 or more on top of their deck.
Attack: 12
VP: 6

Apocalyptic Destruction
Fight: Each other player KOs two Heroes from their discard pile that each cost 1 or more.

The End of All Things
Fight: Each other player reveals the top three cards of their deck, KOs each one of those cards that cost 1 or more, and puts the rest back in any order.

Horsemen Are Drawing Nearer
Fight: Each other player plays a Four Horsemen Villain from their Victory Pile as if playing it from the Villain Deck.

Immortal and Undefeated
Fight: If this is not the final Tactic, rescue six Bystanders and shuffle this Tactic back into the other Tactics.


Kingpin

Bribe
Always Leads: Streets of New York
Master Strike: Each player reveals a Marvel Knights Hero or discards their hand and draws 5 cards.
Attack: 13*
VP: 6

Call a Hit
Fight: Choose a Hero from each player's discard pile and KO it.

Criminal Empire
Fight: If this is not the final Tactic, reveal the top three cards of the Villain Deck. Play all the Villains you revealed. Put the rest back in random order.

Dirty Cops
Fight: Put a 0 Cost Hero from the KO pile on top of each other player's deck.

Mob War
Fight: Each other player plays a Henchman Villain from their Victory Pile as if playing it from the Villain Deck.


Mephisto

Whenever a player gains a Wound, put it on top of that player's deck.
Always Leads: Underworld
Master Strike: Each player reveals a Marvel Knights Hero or gains a Wound.
Attack: 10
VP: 6

Damned If You Do...
Fight: Each other player KOs a Bystander from their Victory Pile or gains a Wound.

Devilish Torment
Fight: Each other player puts all 0 Cost cards from their discard pile on top of their deck in any order.

Pain Begets Pain
Fight: Choose any number of Wounds from your hand and discard pile. The player to your right gains them.

The Price of Failure
Fight: Each other player without a Mastermind Tactic in their Victory Pile gains a Wound.


Mr. Sinister

Mr. Sinister gets +1 Attack for each Bystander he has.
Always Leads: Marauders
Master Strike: Mr. Sinister captures a Bystander. Then each player with exactly 6 cards reveals a Covert Hero or discards cards equal to the number of Bystanders Mr. Sinister has.
Attack: 8
VP: 6

Human Experimentation
Fight: Mr. Sinister captures Bystanders equal to the number of Villains in the city.

Master Geneticist
Fight: Reveal the top seven cards of the Villain Deck. Mr. Sinister captures all of the Bystanders you revealed. Put the rest back in random order.

Plans Within Plans
Fight: Mr. Sinister captures a Bystander for each Mr. Sinister Tactic in players' Victory Piles, including this Tactic.

Telepathic Manipulation
Fight: Mr. Sinister captures a Bystander from each other player's Victory Pile.


Stryfe

Always Leads: MLF
Master Strike: Stack this Master Strike next to Stryfe.
Stryfe gets +1 Attack for each Master Strike stacked next to him. Each player reveals an X-Force Hero or discards a card at random.
Attack: 7
VP: 6

Furious Wrath
Fight: Reveal the top six cards of the Villain Deck. Play all the Master Strikes you revealed. Put the rest back in random order.

Psychic Torment
Fight: Look at the top five cards of your deck. Put one into your hand and discard the rest.

Swift Vengeance
Fight: A Wound from the Wound Stack becomes a Master Strike that takes effect immediately.

Tide of Retribution
Fight: Each other player reveals an X-Force Hero or gains a Wound.



== Fantastic Four ==

Galactus

Cosmic Threat: Strength Instinct Covert Tech Ranged
Always Leads: Heralds of Galactus
Master Strike: Destroy the city space closest to Galactus. Any Villain there escapes. Put this Master Strike there.
Galactus Wins: When the city is destroyed.
Attack: 20*
VP: 7

Cosmic Entity
Fight: Choose Strength, Instinct, Covert, Tech or Ranged. Each player reveals any number of cards of that class, then draws that many cards.

Force of Eternity
Fight: When you draw a new hand of cards at the end of this turn, draw six extra cards, then discard six cards.

Panicked Mobs
Fight: Choose Strength, Instinct, Covert, Tech or Ranged. Each player reveals any number of cards of that class, then rescues that many Bystanders.

Sunder the Earth
Fight: Each other player KOs all Heroes from their discard pile with the same card name as a Hero in the HQ.


Mole Man

Mole Man gets +1 Attack for each Subterranea Villain that has escaped.
Always Leads: Subterranea
Master Strike: All Subterranea Villains in the city escape. If any Villains escaped this way, each player gains a Wound.
Attack: 7+
VP: 6

Dig to Freedom
Fight: Each other player chooses a Subterranea Villain in their Victory Pile and puts it into the Escaped Villains pile.

Master of Monsters
Fight: If this is not the final Tactic, reveal the top six cards of the Villain Deck. Play all the Subterranea Villains you revealed. Put the rest on the bottom of the Villain Deck in random order.

Secret Tunnel
Fight: You get +6 Attack usable only against Villains in the Streets.

Underground Riches
Fight: You get +6 Recruit usable only to recruit Heroes in the HQ space under the Streets.



== Paint the Town Red ==

Carnage

Always Leads: Maximum Carnage
Master Strike: Feast on each player. Whenever this Master Strike feasts on a player's 0-cost Hero, that player gains a Wound.
Attack: 9
VP: 6

Drooling Jaws
Fight: Each player reveals the top card of their deck. Then Carnage feasts on the player of your choice.

Endless Hunger
Feast
If Carnage feasts on a 0-cost Hero this way, repeat this process.

Feed Me
Feast
You get + Recruit equal to the Cost of the card Carnage feasts on.

Om Nom Nom
Feast
If Carnage feasts on a 0-cost Hero this way, each other player KOs a Bystander from their Victory Pile.


Mysterio

Always Leads: Sinister Six
Master Strike: Shuffle this Master Strike into Mysterio's face down Mastermind Tactics. That card becomes a Mastermind Tactic worth 6 VP.
Attack: 8
VP: 6

Blurring Images
Fight: You get +1 Recruit for each Mastermind Tactic Mysterio has left after this one.

Captive Audience
Fight: Rescue a Bystander for each Mastermind Tactic Mysterio has left after this one.

Master of Illusions
Fight: If this is not the final Tactic, shuffle a Master Strike Tactic from each other player's Victory Pile back into Mysterio's Mastermind Tactics.

Mists of Deception
Fight: If this is not the final Tactic, reveal the top five cards of the Villain Deck. Play all the Master Strikes you revealed. Put the rest on the bottom of that deck in random order.



== Villains ==

Dr. Strange

Always Leads: Defenders.
Command Strike: Reveal the top three cards of the Adversary Deck. Put the Adversary you revealed with the highest printed Attack on top of that deck. Then play a Plot Twist from among the cards you revealed. Then put the rest of those cards on the bottom of that deck in random order.
Attack: 8
VP: 6

Book of the Vishanti
Fight: Each other player reveals a Covert Ally or discards all the cards in their hand, then draws as many cards as they discarded.

Crimson Bands of Cyttorak
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand, then gains a Bindings for each non-grey Ally that player has.

Eye of Agamotto
Fight: Reveal cards from the Ally Deck equal to the number of players. Put one of those cards into each player's discard pile.

Winds of Watoomb
Fight: After you draw a new hand of cards at the end of this turn, each player simultaneously passes a non-grey Ally from their hand to the hand of the player on their left.


Nick Fury

Always Leads: Avengers.
Command Strike: Stack this Strike next to Nick Fury. Then demolish each player once for each Strike stacked here.
Attack: 9
VP: 6

Bounty on Fury's Head
Fight: KO any number of your Hydra Allies. For each Ally you KO'd this way, you may gain a Madame HYDRA.

Purge Hydra
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand and discards two Hydra Allies.

The Avengers Initiative
Fight: Each other player reveals a Tech Ally or chooses an Avengers Adversary from their Victory Pile and it enters the Bridge.

Total Fury
Fight: Defeat an Adversary whose Attack is less than the number of Hydra Allies in the KO pile.


Odin

Always Leads: Asgardian Warriors.
Odin gets +1 Attack for each Asgardian Warrior in the city and in the Overrun Pile.
Command Strike: Each player puts an Asgardian Warrior from their Victory Pile into an empty city space. Any player who cannot do so gains a Bindings.
Attack: 10+
VP: 6

Divine Justice
Fight: Each other player with a Bindings in their discard pile gains another Bindings.

Might of Valhalla
Fight: Draw a card for each Asgardian Warrior in your Victory Pile.

Riches of Asgard
Fight: You get +1 Recruit for each Asgardian Warrior in your Victory Pile.

Ride of the Valkyries
Fight: Each other player reveals a Foes of Asgard Ally or discards a card for each Asgardian Warrior in the Overrun Pile.


Professor X

Always Leads: X-men First Class.
Command Strike: Choose the two highest-cost Allies in the Lair. Stack them next to Professor X as "Telepathic Pawns." Professor X gets +1 Attack for each Ally stacked next to him. Players can recrut the top Ally in the stack next to Professor X.
Attack: 8
VP: 6

Cerebro Device
Fight: Reveal the top three cards of the Adversary Deck. Play any Adversaries you revealed that have "X-Treme Attack". Put the rest back in random order.

Mental Dominance
Fight: Stack the top three cards of the Ally Deck next to Professor X in random order as "Telepathic Pawns."

Mightiest Mutant Mind
Fight: Each other player reveals a Brotherhood Ally or stacks a non-grey Ally from their hand next to Professor X as a "Telepathic Pawn."

Telepathic Imprisonment
Fight: Each other player reveals a Brotherhood Ally or gains a Bindings.



== Guardians of the Galaxy ==

Supreme Intelligence of the Kree

Always Leads: Kree Starforce
Master Strike: The Supreme Intelligence gains a Shard. Then each player reveals their hand and discards each with cost equal to, and cost one higher than, the number of Shards on the Supreme Intelligence.
Attack: 9
VP: 6

Combined Knowledge of All Kree
Fight: The Supreme Intelligence gains a Shard for each Kree Villain in the city and/or the Escape Pile.

Cosmic Omniscience
Fight: The Supreme Intelligence gains a Shard for each Master Strike in the KO pile.

Countermeasure Protocols
Fight: The Supreme Intelligence gains a Shard for each Mastermind Tactic (including this one) in any player's Victory Pile.

Guide Kree Evolution
Fight: The Supreme Intelligence and Kree Villains in the city each gain a Shard.


Thanos

Always Leads: Infinity Gems
Thanos gets -2 Attack for each Infinity Gem Artifact card controlled by any player.
Master Strike: Each player reveals their hand and puts one of their non-grey Heroes next to Thanos in a "Bound Souls" pile.
Attack: 24
VP: 7

Centuries of Envy
Fight: Each other player discards an Infinity Gem Artifact card they control.

God of Death
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand and gains a Wound for each card that player has with the same card name as any card in Thanos' Bound Souls pile.

Keeper of Souls
Fight: Gain a Hero from Thanos' Bound Souls pile. Then each other player puts a non-grey Hero from their discard pile into Thanos' Bound Souls pile.

The Mad Titan
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand and discards all cards with the same card name as any card in Thanos' Bound Souls pile.



== Fear Itself ==

Uru-Enchanted Iron Man

Always Leads: The Mighty.
Command Strike: Demolish each player. Then stack this Strike next to Iron Man. Uru-Enchanted Iron Man has an Uru-Enchanted Weapon for each Strike stacked here.
Attack: 7*
VP: 6

Armor of the Destroyer
Fight: For each Tech Ally you have, demolish each other player.

Pepper Potts in Rescue Armor
Fight: A Bystander from the Bystander Stack becomes a Command Strike that takes effect immediately.

Quantum Inventions
Fight: Draw two cards. Then, if you reveal a Tech card, draw two more cards.

Repulsor Coils
Fight: Each other player reveals a Tech ally or gains a Bindings.



== Secret Wars Volume 1 ==

Madelyne Pryor, Goblin Queen

Bystanders captured by Madelyne are "Demon Goblin" Villains with 2 Attack. You can fight them to rescue them as Bystanders. You can't fight her while she has any Demon Goblins.
Always Leads: Limbo
Master Strike: Madelyne captures 4 Bystanders. If she already had any Bystanders before that, then each player gains a Wound.
Attack: 10*
VP: 6

City of Demon Goblins
Fight: Madelyne captures five Bystanders.

Corrupted Clone of Jean Grey
Fight: Each other player reveals an X-Men Hero or gains a Wound.

Everyone's a Demon on the Inside
Fight: Madelyne captures a Bystander from each other player's Victory Pile.

Gather the Harvest
Fight: For each Limbo Villain in the city and/or Escape Pile, Madelyne captures a Bystander.


Nimrod, Super Sentinel

You can't fight Nimrod unless you made at least 6 Recruit this turn.
Always Leads: Sentinel Territories
Master Strike: Each player who does not reveal a Tech Hero must choose Recruit or Attack, then discard all their cards with that icon.
Attack: 6*
VP: 6

Adapt and Destroy
Fight: Choose Recruit or Attack. Each other player reveals their hand and discards a card with that icon.

Detect Mutation
Fight: Choose Recruit or Attack. Then, reveal the top card of your deck. If that card has that icon, draw it and repeat this process.

Scatter the Mutants
Fight: Choose Recruit or Attack. Put all Heroes from the HQ with that icon on the bottom of the Hero Deck.

Teleport and Incarcerate
Fight: Choose Recruit or Attack. Then, reveal the top card of that Hero Deck. If that card has that icon, gain that card, and Teleport it.


Wasteland Hulk

Wasteland Hulk gets +3 Attack for each of his Mastermind Tactics among all players' Victory Piles.
Always Leads: Wasteland
Master Strike: Cross-Dimensional Hulk Rampage
Attack: 7+
VP: 6

Brutal Beating
Fight: Each other player counts the number of Wounds in their discard pile, then discards that many cards.

Memories of Pain
Fight: Each other player puts two Wounds from their discard pile on top of their deck.

Radioactive Regeneration
Fight: KO up to two Wounds from your hand and/or discard pile.

Revert to Bruce Banner
Fight: You gain a Tech Hero from the HQ for free.


Zombie Green Goblin

Zombie Green Goblin gets +1 Attack for each Hero in the KO pile that costs 7 or more.
Always Leads: The Deadlands
Master Strike: Rise of the Living Dead. KO each Hero in the HQ that costs 7 or more. Then, each player discards a card for each Hero in the KO pile that costs 7 or more.
Attack: 11+
VP: 6

Army of Cadavers
Fight: Rise of the Living Dead (this effect never makes Mastermind Tactics return.) Then, each other player discards a card for each Villain in the city that has "Rise of the Living Dead."

The Hungry Dead
Fight: Rise of the Living Dead (this effect never makes Mastermind Tactics return.) Then, each other player gains a Wound if there are any Villains in the city with "Rise of the Living Dead".

Love To Have You For Dinner
Fight: Rise of the Living Dead (this effect never makes Mastermind Tactics return.) Then, reveal the top 5 cards of the Hero Deck. KO all those Heroes that cost 7 or more. Put the rest on the bottom of the Hero Deck in random order.

Reign of Terror
Fight: Rise of the Living Dead (this effect never makes Mastermind Tactics return.) Then, put all Heroes from the HQ that cost 6 or less on the bottom of the Hero Deck.



== Secret Wars Volume 2 ==

Immortal Emperor Zheng-Zhu

7th Circle of Kung-Fu
Always Leads: K'un-Lun
Master Strike: Each player reveals a Hero that costs 7 or more, or they discard down to 3 cards.
Attack: 7+
VP: 5

Ultimate Kung-Fu Mastery
Fight: Each other player reveals a card with "Circle of Kung-Fu" from their Victory Pile or gains a Wound.

Emperor's Justice
Fight: Each other player reveals a Marvel Knight Hero or gains a Wound.

Humble the Pretenders
Fight: Each other player reveals a Marvel Knight Hero or discards a card that costs less than 7.

Imperial Edict
Fight: Choose any number of Heroes from the HQ. Put them on the bottom of the Hero Deck in random order.


King Hyperion

Always Leads: Utopolis
Master Strike: King Hyperion enters the city if he was not already there. Then, he charges three spaces.
Escape: Each player gains a wound. Put King Hyperion on the Mastermind space.
Attack: 12
VP: 6

Worshipped by Millions
Fight: If King Hyperion is in the city, put him back on the Mastermind space and shuffle this Tactic back into his Tactics. If you do, rescue six Bystanders.

Royal Treasury
Fight: If King Hyperion is in the city, put him back on the Mastermind space and shuffle this Tactic back into his Tactics. If you do, you get +5 Recruit.

Monarch of Utopolis
Fight: If King Hyperion is in the city, put him back on the Mastermind space and shuffle this Tactic back into his Tactics. If you do, when you drew a new hand of cards at the end of this turn, draw three extra cards.

Rule with an Iron Fist
Fight: If King Hyperion is in the city, put him back on the Mastermind space and shuffle this Tactic back into his Tactics. If you do, you may defeat a Villain in the city for free.


Shiklah, the Demon Bride

Always Leads: Monster Metropolis
Master Strike: Reveal the top three cards of the Villain Deck. Put all the Scheme Twists you revealed on top of the Villain Deck. Put the rest on the bottom of that deck in random order.
Attack: 9
VP: 6

Enslavement Beam
Fight: Fateful Resurrection. If she resurrects, rescue four bystanders.

Shiklah's Husband, Deadpool
Fight: Gain this as a Hero.
--------
(Unaffiliated)
Covert
You get +1 Attack for each Hero with an odd-numbered cost you played this turn. (0 is even.)
5+ Attack

Drain Life
Fight: Fateful Resurrection. If she resurrects, defeat a Villain in the city for free.

Infernal Power
Fight: Fateful Resurrection. If she resurrects, draw two cards.


Spider-Queen

Spider-Queen gets +1 Attack for each Bystander in the Escape pile.
Always Leads: Spider-Infected
Master Strike: Each player puts a Spider-Infected from their Victory Pile into an empty city space. Any player who cannot do so gains a Wound.
Attack: 8+
VP: 6

Sonic Scream
Fight: Reveal the top eight cards of the Villain Deck. Put all the Bystanders you revealed into the Escape pile. Put the rest on the bottom of the Villain Deck in random orders.

Infect the Entire City
Fight: Put a Bystander from the Bystander Deck into the Escape Pile. Then, each Spider-Infected in the city captures a Bystander.

Control Arachnid Genes
Fight: You may gain a Spider-Friend Hero from the HQ.

Web the Skyscrapers
Fight: Each other player reveals a Spider-Friend Hero or puts a Bystander from their Victory Pile into the Escape pile.



== Captain America 75th Anniversary ==

Arnim Zola

Ultimate Abomination
Always Leads: Zola's Creations
Master Strike: For each Hero in the HQ that has less than 2 printed Attack, put that Hero on the bottom of the Hero Deck, and each player discards a card of that Hero's cost.
Attack: 6+
VP: 6

Dominate the Weak
Fight: The player of your choice gains a Hero from the HQ that has less than 2 printed Attack.

Computer-Uploaded Genius
Fight: Each other player reveals a Tech Hero or discards a card.

Pet Projects
Fight: Each other player reveals a Zola's Creations Villain from their Victory Pile or gains a Wound.

Crush Pacifist Resistance
Fight: KO up to two of your Heroes that have less than 2 printed Attack.


Baron Heinrich Zemo

Whenever you fight a Villain, you may use 2 Recruit to rescue a Bystander. Baron Zemo gets +9 Attack unless you are a Savior.
Always Leads: Masters of Evil (WWII)
Master Strike: Each player KOs a Bystander from their Victory Pile. Any player who cannot do so gains a Wound.
Attack: 9+
VP: 6

Fallen Idols
Fight: Each other player that is not a Savior discards a card.

Finding Zemo
Fight: Reveal the top five cards of the Villain Deck. If you revealed any Bystanders, KO them and each other player gains a Wound. Put the rest back in random order.

Hatred for the Avengers
Fight: For each of your Avengers Heroes, rescue a Bystander.

Prisoners of War
Fight: Each other player reveals an Avengers Hero or chooses a Bystander from their Victory Pile, and you rescue that Bystander.



== Civil War ==

Authoritarian Iron Man

Always Leads: Superhuman Registration Act
Master Strike: Authoritarian Iron Man fortifies the next city space to his right, starting with the Bridge. You can't fight him while there's a Villain in that space.
Villains in that space get +3 Attack.
Attack: 12
VP: 6

Armada of Armors
Fight: You get +6 Recruit usable only to recruit Ranged and/or Tech Heroes.

Freeze Domestic Assets
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand and discards all their cards with Recruit icons.

Man the Fortifications
Fight: Reveal the top card of the Villain Deck. If it's a Villain, it enters the city space that Authoritarian Iron Man is fortifying.

Recall to Service
Fight: The Villain with the highest printed Attack in the Escape Pile enters the city space that Authoritarian Iron Man is fortifying.


Baron Helmut Zemo

Baron Zemo gets -1 Attack for each Villain in your Victory Pile.
Always Leads: Thunderbolts
Master Strike: Each player KOs a Villain from their Victory Pile. Any player who cannot do so gains a Wound.
Attack: 16*
VP: 6

Blasted Henchmen!
Fight: Each other player reveals a Tech Hero or KOs a Villain from their Victory Pile.

Cursed Dynasty
Fight: When you draw a new hand of cards at the end of this turn, draw two extra cards.

Endless Minions
Fight: Each other player reveals a Tech Hero or chooses a Villain from their Victory Pile and it enters the city.

Revenge for My Father
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand. Each player who revealed an Avengers Hero gains a Wound.


Maria Hill, Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.

Double S.H.I.E.L.D. Clearance. You can't fight Maria Hill while there are any S.H.I.E.L.D. Elite or Officers in the city.
Always Leads: S.H.I.E.L.D. Elite.
Master Strike: Two S.H.I.E.L.D. Officers enter the city as 3 Attack Villains. When you fight them, gain them as Heroes.
Attack: 7*
VP: 6

Crash the Helicarrier
Fight: KO any number of your S.H.I.E.L.D. Heroes.

Declare Martial Law
Fight: Put a S.H.I.E.L.D. Officer into each empty city space as 3 Attack Villains. When you fight them, gain them as Heroes.

Evacuation Code Epsilon
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand and discards a S.H.I.E.L.D. card.

Rapid Response Team
Fight: Two S.H.I.E.L.D. Officers enter the city as 3 Attack Villains. When you fight them, gain them as Heroes.


Misty Knight

Bribe
Always Leads: Heroes for Hire
Master Strike: Each player reveals 4 cards with Recruit icons or gains a Wound.
Attack: 14*
VP: 6

Bionic Repulsor Field
Fight: Each other player reveals a Marvel Knight Hero or puts two cards from their hand on top of the deck.

Cyborg Detective
Fight: Reveal the top three cards of the Villain Deck. Put them back in any order.

Trusted Bodyguard
Fight: Going clockwise, the fist other player with Colleen Wing in their Victory Pile rescues 5 Bystanders and returns Colleen Wing to play fortifying Misty Knight.

Vibranium Cyber Arm
Fight: Each other player reveals a Marvel Knight Hero or gains a Wound.


Ragnarok

Ragnarok gets +2 Attack for each Hero Class among Heroes in the HQ.
Always Leads: Registration Enforcers
Master Strike: Each player says "zero" or "not zero." Then, each player discards all their cards with that cost.
Attack: 6+
VP: 6

Electrical Charge
Fight: Count how many Ranged Heroes you have. Draw that many cards.

God of Cyborg Thunder
Fight: You can spend Recruit as Attack this turn.

Hammer Goliath
Fight: KO each Hero from the HQ that costs 7 or more.

Unnatural Storm Clouds
Fight: Put all Heroes from the HQ on the bottom of the Hero Deck in random order.



== Deadpool ==

Evil Deadpool
Revenge for Mastermind Tactics
Always Leads: Evil Deadpool Corpse
Master Strike: Without talking, each player simultaneously discards a card. Whoever discards the lowest-costing card (or tied for lowest) gains a Wound.
Attack: 11+
VP: 6

Evil Even Oddball
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand. Whoever has the fewest cards with odd-numbered costs (or tied for fewest) gains a Wound.

Hyper-Insane Healing Factor
Fight: If this is not the final Tactic, you get +6 Recruit and shuffle this Tactic back into the other Tactics.

Of Course it's Corpse
Fight: The other player with the fewest Evil Deadpool Corpse Villains in their Victory Pile (or tied for fewest) gains a Wound.

Stitched from Dead (Pool) Parts
Fight: Each other player discards the top card of their deck. Whoever discards the lowest-costing card (or tied for lowest) gains a Wound.


Macho Gomez
Revenge for Deadpool's "Friends"
Always Leads: Deadpool's "Friends"
Master Strike: Put this Strike in front of you as a "Bounty on Your Head." Then, each player gains a Wound for each Bounty on them. Any number of times during your turn, you may pay 1 Recruit to move a Bounty from you to the player on your left.
Attack: 9+
VP: 6

Bounty Payout
Fight: You get +1 Recruit for each "Bounty on Your Head" on other players.

Interstellar Assassin
Fight: Each other player with at least one "Bounty on Your Head" discards down to 4 cards.

Renegotiate the Contract
Fight: Redistribute the "Bounty on Your Head" cards among any number of players.

Super Macho Man
Fight: Rescue a Bystander for each "Bounty on Your Head" on other players.



== Noir ==

Charles Xavier
Charles Xavier gets +1 Attack for each Bystander in the HQ and city.
Always Leads: X-Men Noir
Master Strike: Four Heroes in the HQ capture Hidden Witnesses.
Attack: 8*
VP: 6

X-Con Men
Fight: Each other player reveals an X-Men Hero or gains a Wound.

Commit to the Asylum
Fight: Each other player Investigates their deck for a card with an Attack icon and KOs it. Players reveal all the cards they investigated.

Master Manipulator
Fight: Investigate the Hero Deck for an X-Men card and put it into your discard pile.

Corrupt Weak Minds
Fight: Each other player puts a random Bystander from their Victory Pile onto a Hero in the HQ as a Hidden Witness.



The Goblin, Underworld Boss
Start of Game: The Goblin captures 2 Hidden Witnesses.
Always Leads: Goblin's Freak Show
Master Strike: Two random Bystanders from each player's Victory Pile become Hidden Witnesses held by The Goblin. Any player who didn't have two Bystanders gains a Wound instead.
Attack: 10*
VP: 6

Sinister Dreams
Fight: Each other player reveals a Sinister Six or Spider-Friends Hero or gains a Wound.

Blackmail the Judges
Fight: For each Goblin's Freak Show Villain in the city, The Goblin captures 2 Hidden Witnesses.

Carnival of Carnage
Fight: For each Goblin's Freak Show Villain in the city, each other player discards a card.

Blind Loyalty
Fight: Investigate the Villain Deck for a Goblin's Freak Show Villain and put it into your Victory Pile.



== X-Men ==

Arcade
Start of Game: Arcard captures 5 Human Shields.
Always Leads: Murderworld
Master Strike: Arcade captures a random Bystander from each player's Victory Pile as a Human Shield. Each player who didn't have a Bystander gains a Wound instead.
Attack: 3*
VP: 5

Epic Arcade
Start of Game: Arcard captures 8 Human Shields. Play a random Horror.
Always Leads: Murderworld
Master Strike: Arcade captures two random Bystanders from each player's Victory Pile as a Human Shield. Each player who didn't have two Bystanders gains a Wound instead.
Attack: 4*
VP: 5

I Love a Parade!
Fight: Arcade captures two Human Shields. Play an extra card from the Villain Deck next turn.

I Need an Audience
Fight: Arcade captures Human Shields equal to the number of Villains in the city.

Roulette Wheel of Death
Fight: Arcade captures a random Bystander as a Human Shield from each of these places: The Bystander Stack, the Escape Pile, each city space, and each other player's Victory Pile.

Welcome to my Theme Park!
Fight: Arcade and each Murderworld Villain in the city capture two Human Shields.



Dark Phoenix
Always Leads: Hellfire Club
Master Strike: KO the top card of the Hero Deck and each card in the Hero Deck that shares a color with it. Shuffle the Hero Deck.
Dark Phoenix Wins: When the Hero Deck is empty.
13 Attack
VP: 7

Epic Dark Phoenix
Always Leads: Hellfire Club
Master Strike: KO the top card of the Hero Deck and each card in the Hero Deck that shares a color with it. Shuffle the Hero Deck. Then, each player plays a Hellfire Club card from their victory Pile. Next, play a random Horror.
Dark Phoenix Wins: When the Hero Deck is empty.
15 Attack
VP: 7

Burn the World to Ashes
Fight: Each other player discards each card from their hand that has the same name as any card in the KO pile.

Consume an Entire Galaxy
Fight: Each other player chooses a card from their discard pile that costs 1 or more and KOs it.

Fiery Reincarnation
Fight: Gain a Hero from the KO pile that costs 7 or more.

Worship Me as a God
Fight: Each other player gains two 0-cost cards from the KO pile.



Deathbird
Deathbird gets +1 Attack for each Shi'ar Villain in teh city and Escape Pile.
Always Leads: Shi'ar Imperial Guard and a Shi'ar Henchmen Group.
Master Strike: If there are already any Shi'ar Villains in the city, each player gains a Wound. Then this strike enters the city as a Shi'ar Battle Cruiser Token Villain with 7 Attack worth 5 VP.
Attack: 8+
VP: 6

Epic Deathbird
Deathbird gets +2 Attack for each Shi'ar Villain in teh city and Escape Pile.
Always Leads: Shi'ar Imperial Guard and a Shi'ar Henchmen Group.
Master Strike: If there are already any Shi'ar Villains in the city, play a random Horror. Then this strike enters the city as a Shi'ar Battle Cruiser Token Villain with 9 Attack worth 6 VP.
Attack: 8+
VP: 6

Shi'ar Elite Bodyguards
Fight: Rescue 4 Bystanders. This Tactic enters the city as a Villain whose only ability is "Escape: Shuffle this card back into Deathbird's Mastermind Tactics as another Tactic."

Shi'ar Extermination Legion
Fight: Rescue 4 Bystanders. This Tactic enters the city as a Villain whose only ability is: "Escape: Each player discards two cards."

Shi'ar Hovertake Battalion
Fight: Rescue 4 Bystanders. This Tactic enters the city as a Villain whose only ability is: "Escape: Each player gains a Wound."

Shi'ar Master Spies
Fight: Rescue 4 Bystanders. This Tactic enters the city as a Villain whose only ability is "Escape: This card becomes a Scheme Twist that takes effect immediately."



Mojo
Start of Game: Mojo captures 3 Human Shields. All Bystanders in Victory Piles are worth 3 VP.
Always Leads: Mojoverse
Master Strike: Mojo captures a Human Shield. Each player reveals a Tech Hero or discards a card at random.
Attack: 6*
VP: 5

Epic Mojo
Start of Game: Mojo captures 6 Human Shields. Play a random Horror.
All Bystanders in Victory Piles are worth 4 VP.
Always Leads: Mojoverse
Master Strike: Mojo and each Mojoverse Villain capture a Human Shield. Each player reveals a Tech Hero or discards down to 4 cards each.
Attack: 7*
VP: 5

Billions of TV Viewers
Fight: Each player reveals a Tech Hero or chooses a random Bystander from their Victory Pile. Mojo captures those Bystanders as Human Shields.

Brain-Melting TV Marathon
Fight: Each other player without a Mojo Tactic in their Victory Pile gains a Wound.

Cross-Dimensional Marketing
Fight: You get +1 Recruit for each Bystander in your Victory Pile. Mojo captures a Human Shield.

Mojo Branding Opportunity
Fight: Draw a card for each Mojoverse Villain in your Victory Pile. Mojo captures a HUman Shield.



Onslaught
Each player's hand size is 1 less.
Always Leads: Dark Descendants
Master Strike: KO all Heroes Dominated by Onslaught. Then each player reveals their hand and chooses one of their non-grey Heroes. Onslaught Dominates those Heroes.
Attack: 10+
VP: 7

Epic Onslaught
Each player's hand size is 1 less.
Always Leads: Dark Descendants
Master Strike: KO all Heroes Dominated by Onslaught. Then each player reveals their hand and chooses two of their non-grey Heroes. Onslaught Dominates those Heroes. Then play a random Horror.
Attack: 12+
VP: 7

Godlike Psionic Entity
Fight: Onslaught Dominates all five Heroes from the HQ.

Sins of X-Men Past
Fight: Each other player reveals the top six cards of their deck and chooses an X-Men Hero revealed this way. Onslaught Dominates those Heroes. Put the rest back in random order.

Xavier and Magneto Combined
Fight: Reveal the top three cards of the Hero Deck. Onslaught Dominates all the X-Men and Brotherhood Heroes you revealed. Put the rest back in random order.

Worldwide Mental Control
Fight: Onslaught Dominates four 0-cost Heroes from the KO pile. The next time a player fights Onslaught, KO those 0-cost Heroes.



Shadow King
Always Leads: Shadow-X
Master Strike: KO all Heroes Dominated by Shadow King. Then each player chooses a non-grey Hero from their discard pile. Shadow King Dominates those Heroes.
Attack: 7+
VP: 6

Epic Shadow King
Start of Game: Play two random Horrors.
Always Leads: Shadow-X
Master Strike: KO all Heroes Dominated by Shadow King. Then each player chooses a non-grey Hero from their discard pile. Shadow King Dominates those Heroes.
Attack: 9+
VP: 6

Fiend of the Astral Plane
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand and shuffles two cards with Recruit icons from their hand back into their deck.

Poison their Minds
Fight: Each other player reveals their hand and chooses one of their non-grey Heroes. Shadow King Dominates those Heroes.

Psychic Seduction
Fight: Shadow King Dominates each Hero that costs 5 or less from the HQ.

Telepathic Betrayal
Fight: If the "Betrayal of the Shadow" Trap is in any Victory Pile or the KO pile, put it on top of the Villain Deck.



== Spider-Man Homecoming ==

Adrian Toomes
Double Striker
Always Leads: Salvagers
Master Strike: Starting from the Sewers, each Villain in the city uses its "Escape" ability.
Attack: 5+
VP: 6

Epic Adrian Toomes
Triple Striker
Always Leads: Salvagers
Master Strike: Starting from the Sewers, each Villain in the city uses its "Ambush" ability, then its "Escape" ability.
Attack: 5+
VP: 6

Don't Interfere
Fight: Danger Sense 4. If this revealed any Bystanders, rescue them.

More Harm than Good
Fight: Each other player discards a Spider Friends Hero or gains a Wound.
Flavor: "Don't mess with me. Because I will kill you and everyone you care about."

Take Everything
Fight: You may put a card from your discard pile on top of your deck.
Flavor: "The world's changed. Time we change with it."

The World's Changed
Fight: Danger Sense 3. Put all Henchmen Villains revealed this way into your Victory Pile, then do their "Fight" abilities.



Vulture
Striker
Always Leads: Vulture Tech
Master Strike: Put a Wound from the Wound Stack below each HQ space as a "Winged Assault." Whenever a player gains or KOs a Hero from the HQ, the player on their right gains one of the Wounds below that HQ space.
Attack: 8+
VP: 6

Epic Vulture
Striker
Always Leads: Vulture Tech
Master Strike: Put a Wound from the Wound Stack or KO pile below each HQ space as a "Winged Assault." Whenever a player gains or KOs a Hero from the HQ, the player on their right gains one of the Wounds below that HQ space, putting it on top of their deck.
Attack: 10+
VP: 6

Bird of Prey
Fight: Each other player discards a Spider Friends Hero or discards two cards.

Lurking Shadow
Fight: Danger Sense 2. If the Rooftops are empty, a Villain you revealed enters the Rooftops.

Mid Air Heist
Fight: You get +5 Recruit usable only to recruit Tech Heroes.

Winged Assault
Fight: Put two "Winged Assault" Wounds from under the HQ into each other player's discard pile.



== Champions ==

Fin Fang Foom
Size-Changing: Strength, Instinct, Covert, Tech, Ranged
Always Leads: Monsters Unleashed
Master Strike: Demolish each player, then do it again for each Monsters Unleashed Villain in the city and Escape Pile.
Attack: 20*
VP: 7

Epic Fin Fang Foom
Size-Changing: Strength, Instinct, Covert, Tech, Ranged
Always Leads: Monsters Unleashed
Master Strike: Demolish each player, then do it again for each Monsters Unleashed Villain in the city and Escape Pile. KO all the Heroes Demolished this way.
Attack: 24*
VP: 7

Alien Dragon Technology
Fight: A Hero in the HQ gets Size-Changing: Strength, Instinct, Covert, Tech, Ranged this turn.

Flammable Acid Breath
Fight: KO the top card of the Hero Deck. Then each other player KOs a Hero of that Hero class from their discard pile (Strength Instinct Covert Tech Ranged).

Multipronged Assault
Fight: Each other player reveals at least 3 Hero Classes (Strength Instinct Covert Tech Ranged) or gains a Wound.

Supersonic Dive Attack
Fight: KO the top card of the Hero Deck. Then each other player reveals their hand and discards a Hero of that Hero Class (Strength Instinct Covert Tech Ranged).


Pagliacci
Always Leads: Wrecking Crew
Master Strike 1, 5: This card becomes a Scheme Twist that takes effect immediately.
Master Strike 2, 3, 4: Demolish each player.
Attack: 9
VP: 6

Epic Pagliacci
Always Leads: Wrecking Crew
Master Strike 1, 3, 5: This card becomes a Scheme Twist that takes effect immediately.
Master Strike 2, 4: Demolish each player.
Attack: 11
VP: 6

Commedia Dell'Morte
Fight: Each other player may gain two Wounds. Demolish each of those players who does not.

Creative Assassin
Fight: You get Versatile 3.
As killer clowns go, Pagliacci is not one you want to find under your bed.

Insane Clown Has a Posse
Fight: Each other player may KO a Wrecking Crew Villain from their Victory Pile. Demolish each of those players who does not.

Jester of a Twisted Opera
Fight: Each other player may KO a card from their discard pile that costs 1 or more. Demolish each of those players who does not.



